40 ; Healing; Heals d6+4 ; Strawberry
5 ; Double Healing ; 2d6+8 ; Blueberry
5 ; Triple Healing ; 3d6+12 ; Raspberry
1 ; Diminution ; Shrine to 6 inches tall for 2d6 turns ; Smells like grass
1 ; Gaseous Form ; Become a gas for 1d6 turns ; Rotten Eggs
1 ; Flying ; fly for 6+1d6 turns at a speed of 30 ; Bird
1 ; Fire Resistance ; Resistance to fire damage for 1d6 turns ; habaneros
1 ; Giant Strength ; Strength Doubles for 1d6 turns ; Spinach
1 ; Growth ; Grow to 12 feet tall for 1d6 turns ; Attacks will deal double damage
1 ; Heroism ; +2 to all d20 rolls for 1d6 turns ; sweat
1 ; Invisibility ; Invisible for 24 hours, ends on attack or spell ; spicy bannas
1 ; Defense ; +2 to AC and saving throws ; copper
1 ; Levitation ; Start floating 2 feet above the ground. Will descend slowly (10 feet per round) if find self in mid-air. Lasts 6+1d6 turns ; Feathers
1 ; Longevity ; Reverses the effects of the last 10 years of aging ; raisins
1 ; Speed ; Speed is doubled ; rubber
1 ; Climbing ; can climb sheer walls ; spiders
1 ; Fire Breath ; for next 1d6 turns, can use an action to make a fire breath attack that deals 6d6 damage and is DC 15 to save for half damage. Can only breath fire once ; ash, eggs and oil
1 ; Water Breathing ; Can breathe water like it is air, lasts 24 hours ; the sea
1 ; Remove Blindness ; Can see again! ; jesus
1 ; Oil of Grease ; Make slippery grease in a 10 ft diameter puddle, those in or passing through must save or fall down ; bacon
1 ; Regenerate Limb ; Grow back anything missing ; mushroom
1 ; Comprehension ; Read a language. lasts 10 minutes. ; ink
1 ; Health ; heal 10 hit points and cure poison ; codfish oil
1 ; Restoration ; removes a negative condition ; syrup
1 ; Troll's Blood ; Troll regeneration. Regain 1 HP per round for the next 8 Turns. Lost body parts regrow, survive everything but fire or acid. ; Murky liquid, chunks of olive green flesh.
1 ; Mind's Call ; Lightning mind. Thoughts speed up for 1 Turn, allowing time to grasp the situation. Impossible to surprise, always wins initiative, +4 to hit and AC. Distractions. The quick mind is easy to influence, Will saves are automatically failed while under the influence of this potion.  ; Airy and silvery liquid, almost on the verge of gaseous, metallic taste
1 ; Clawing Spirits ; Cloud of claws. When shattered (or opened) a cloud of malevolent, mindless beings are released. 2D6 slashing damage to everything within 10’. Dissipates in 1 round. ; Swirling mist, a constant very faint scratching noise comes from inside the glass.
1 ; False Rot ; Semblance of undeath.Emit a strange odor for D6 Turns .  all Undead believe you are one of them (of their exact, specific kind). ; Thick sludge, smells of rotting flesh. Tastes like fermented cheese.
1 ; Perk ; Removes a level of exhaustion ; Smells like Lavender
1 ; Treeform ; Turn into a tree. ; Smells like pine
1 ; Darkvision ; See in the dark, up to 60 feet for 6 turns ; Dark Orange, Sharp Test, Texture is smooth and tastes like carrots.
1 ; Rage ; Resistance to weapon damage for 1 minute, +1d6 damage with melee weapons ;  Dark Red, Smells like Alcohol, is watery and sour.
1 ; Purge Disease ; Removes a normal or magical disease ; Dark Red, Smells like Alcohol, is Syrupy and sour
1 ; Tongues ; Be understood and understand spoken languages ; Gray, smells Earthy and is thick and tastes like clay and dirt.
1 ; Oil of Magic Weapon ; Weapon becomes +1 for 8 hours.;Light yellow, oily and odorless.
1 ; Sunlight ;  Drinker glows like sunlight for 1 hour. ;  Black liquid, chunky (like pulped seeds), smells like sunflower seeds.
1 ; Centaur ;  Become a centaur --- if you charge at someone you deal an extra 1d12 damage. Also, as an attack you can try to overrun a medium or smaller creature. If they fail the saving throw, they cannot AoO you and they suffer 2d6 damage. ; Brown, smells like horse, very thick.
1 ; Rest ;  Immediately regain 3 hit dice ; Clear, odorless, watery, looks like small crescent moons are floating in the liquid.
1 ; Soften Metal ;  If applied to metal, the metal becomes soft like putty for 1 hour. ; Green, grainy, odorless.
1 ; Harden Plant ; If applied to plant, makes it hard like iron for 1 hour. ;Metallic color, very thick.
1 ; Time Skip ;  Skip forward 1 minute in time ;  Purple, swirling, odorless.
1 ; Third Eye ;  Grow a third eye, which has truesight. ; White and Black, if not disturbed appears to form an eye.
1 ; Visual Distortion ; Become blurry, attacks have disadvantage vs. you. ; potion is clear but blurry.
1 ; Scaleskin ;  Skin becomes tough and leathery and shapes itself into scales. Base AC is set to 16 for 8 hours. ;  Gray, runny, smells like sand.
1 ; Courage ; Immune to fear and will not fail morale checks for 1 hour ; Golden color, odorless.
1 ; Truth ;  Drinker is compelled to tell the truth (but can hold their tongue) ;  white, milky, glue-like texture.
1 ; Flaming Fists ; Fists ignite, can punch for +2d6 fire damage. ; Orange-red, very spicy, smells like ash.
1 ; Beetle ; turn into a ladybug ; spotted like a ladybug.
1 ; Experience ;  Gain 500xp (cannot be reproduced) ; parchment color, tastes like paper.
